Federation Management Specs (#56)
chaintope/tapyrus-signer: doc/federation.md

# Federation Management

This document describes the Federation Management of Tapyrus.

## Overview

The Tapyrus Signer Network is a permissioned network consisting of identifiable signers who can control to sign blocks.
These signers can not only sign blocks but also can control the identity of the participants on the network themselves.
We introduce Federation which is consisted of a set of identifiable signers and the features to maintain their access controls.

A new signer joining the network needs to get approval from the signers who belongs to the federation.
Federation including a new signer needs to recreate a new aggregate public key and secret in the same protocol as [How to set up new Tapyrus Signer Network](./setup.md).

> The created aggregated public key is committed by the signer in existing federation and submitted to TapyrusCore with the block.

Reviewer: Change `TapyrusCore` to `Tapyrus Core`

Author: fix at 59416cc

> A block has a field for a new aggregated public key.

Reviewer: Block headers is correct.

Author: fix at 59416cc

When a new aggregated public key is set in a block, TapyrusCore discards the public key that has been used so far, and performs proof verification using the new aggregate public key from the next block.
When leaving from federation, it is necessary to update the aggregated public key in the same protocol.

## How To Update Federation

The following describes how to change the federation.

### Re-create aggregated public key and secret.

Federation members, including the new signer, regenerate the aggregated public key and the secret in the same procedure as Step 2-Step 4 in [How to set up new Tapyrus Signer Network](./setup.md).

> Note that the same static public key can be used for the existing signer, so Step1 is not required. However, for a new signer, a key pair needs to be created in Step 1.

Reviewer: Step 1 is "Choose network ID", so Step 2 is correct?

Author: Yes, I'll fix.

Author: fix at 59416cc

### Updating the aggregated public key for existing signers

Update the aggregated public key held by the existing signer.
For updating, use RPC `update_federation`.

> RPC `update_federation` takes the following parameters.

Reviewer 2: It should take also commitment of each signer for verification of local sig.

Author: Fixed at ffc673e712e22941e89fee0a90199a9d925b4724

> - public_keys

Reviewer: This is array of public key? so how to specify it.

Author: I added an explanation of parameters and usage.
at dddf7b6

- block_height
- node_secret

And signers who received `update_federation` schedule to update this information in the future block.
The above parameters need to be persisted. If the signer process is restarted after executing `update_federation`, the federation must be updated without having to execute `update_federation` again.

- Existing signers who belong to the federation:

>   - until they receives a RPC `update_federation` request which includes new signer's public key.

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
  - until they receives a RPC `update_federation` request which includes public keys of all signers in new federation.
```
